L - 1 :-

Main :- Main is a name of the class. Always try to start with the captial latter of a name of the class,it s a good practice beacuse
when we can start writting bigger code and in the any programs has lots of class and lots of method then may be we can confuse which is
class and which is methods.
So if we start writing all the name of the class with uppercase letter then we are alreday know that which is class and which is methods.
But we can use fully uppercase well as fully lowercase letter or Combination of both letter it does not shows any error we can use both
the type frequently.

Public :- Public means that this class can be accessed from anywhere that means this class can be accessed from other classes, other file,
other packages.

Class :- class just name group of properties and function in this class we have methods and function.


L - 2 :-

Void :- void is the return type of the function.

(String[] args) :- this is known as commond line arguments.
String[] :- This is basically an array and this is collections of strings.

Package :- it's the folder in which your java file lies.

Static - When the JVM makes a call to the main method there is no object that exists for the class being called therefore it has to
have static method to allow invocation from class.(Stack Overflow)


Common :-

When we run this code first compiler(javac) gives the ".class" file i.e byte code it does not gives direct machine code.

Basically all the functions that are in the classes are known as methods.

File name of the java file and the name of the class are always will be same otherwise we will get the error.
why? this is discueed when we learn OOPs.


L - 4 :-

System :- system is a class and which is contain a variable out.
Out :- out is basically type of PrintStream. and we will learn about PrintStream later.
PrintStream has an object. here PrintStream has somethings called println. But PrintStream is also a class.
println :- println is a method of the PrintStream class.

System has a variable called Out which is of type PrintStream and this Out actually has a method called println.


L - 5 :-

Scanner :- Scanner is a class which is available in the "java.util.Scanner" package. and that allows us to take input.
new :- new is a keyword which is used to create a new object.
sc = this is a variable of Scanner class, it is pointing to the object of Scanner class, So it will contains all the functions that are
provided by Scanner class.


char [] name = new char[];

sting name = "ramka";
String 

char [] name = new char[name.length]
